---
layout: post
title: post
meta: My first post
category: life
---
Hi boys. I'm Tina. Everyone began to touch each other's butts. This is where I thrash. There is
one place I like to go. The boys' locker room. You can only see up to their ankles. It's an
erotic friend fiction story that I just wrote. I hope you like it, because you're all in it. It's
called 'Buttloose.' It includes material that may not be suitable for all ages. My hearttttttttt.
I'll wave at you every day. I texted back a smiley face. She texted back some letters I don't
understand. Dear God, this is Tina from school. If I were a hamburger you'd come and watch! It
includes material that may not be suitable for all ages. So I think I'm being attacked by zombies
and I start screaming, 'Do you wanna make out?' And I make out with it. Is it possible to be in
love with 25 people at once? C'mon Dad, just let me bite down on the bean.

Sometimes with Jimmy Jr, I don't know what to say. But now I don't know what not to say and it's
like okay guys, who can get to my mouth first? I don't know. Eating lobster? It goes against
everything we were taught to believe. Give them ridiculous French accents. If I drunk text you
and you're asleep, don't text me in the morningâ€¦that ship has sailed. My boob? Sometimes with
Jimmy Jr, I don't know what to say. But now I don't know what not to say and it's like okay guys,
who can get to my mouth first? I don't know. Eating lobster? It goes against everything we were
taught to believe. My boob? Buns...sen. Sausage leather belts. It's a mating list for when the
world ends. Can I get your email? This is such a snore-gasm. YOU GORGEOUS IDIOT! It's a mating
list for when the world ends. Can I get your email?

If you need me, I'll be down here on the floor. Dying. My bra's chafing me. Jimmy Jr. had a
chance to ride the Tina truck, but now it's headed straight for Joshville. Toot-toot. I can't
tell where your back ends and your butt begins. This is where I thrash. Explore the morgue? Ok
then, see you on our date! Sometimes with Jimmy Jr, I don't know what to say. But now I don't
know what not to say and it's like okay guys, who can get to my mouth first? Your ass is grass
and I'm gonna mow it. Drop the towel. Suddenly, Tina Belcher appeared in the doorway. She knew
what she had to do. We can make this work. We can work out a dating wheel, just like a chore
wheel. Let's put the try in triangle. This is such a snore-gasm. Tina reached towards Jimmy
Junior's butt: 'Your lips say no but your butt says yes.''
